helmet_dd warbringer_battle-helm
neck_dd choker_of_vile_intent
shoulder_dd warbringer_shoulderplates
back_dd vengeance_wrap
chest_dd warbringer_breastplate
wrists_dd bladespire_warbands
hands_dd gauntlets_of_martial_perfection
belt_dd girdle_of_the_endless_pit
legs_dd skulkers_greaves
boots_dd ironstriders_of_urgency
ring1_dd ring_of_a_thousand_marks
ring2_dd shapeshifters_signet
trinket1_dd bloodlust_brooch
trinket2_dd dragonspine_trophy
ranged_dd mamas_insurance
main_hand_dd the_night_blade
off_hand_dd the_night_blade
two_hand_dd none
beast_lord_helm false
cobrascale_hood false
conquerors_crown false
cowl_of_beastly_rage false
cowl_of_defiance false
destroyer_battlehelm false
doomplate_warhelm false
earthwardens_coif false
exorcists_leather_helm false
exorcists_linked_helm false
exorcists_plate_helm false
exorcists_scaled_helm false
felsteel_warhelm false
furious_gizmatic_goggles false
gladiators_plate_helm false
gnomish_battle_goggles false
grand_marshal_plate_helm false
helm_of_assassination false
helm_of_desolation false
helm_of_endless_rage false
helm_of_the_claw false
hope_bearer_helm false
lionheart_helm false
malefic_mask_of_the_shadows false
mask_of_the_deceiver false
mask_of_veiled_death false
maulgars_warhelm false
merciless_gladiators_plate_helm false
moonglade_cowl false
overlords_helmet_of_second_sight false
ragesteel_helm false
stalkers_helmet_of_second_sight false
stealthers_helmet_of_second_sight false
thundering_greathelm false
warbringer_battle-helm false
warbringer_greathelm false
warhelm_of_the_bold false
warpstalker_helm false
wastewalker_helm false
adamantite_chain_of_the_unbroken false
blood_guards_necklace_of_ferocity false
bone_chain_necklace false
choker_of_animalistic_fury false
choker_of_vile_intent false
haramads_bargain false
insignia_of_the_maghari_hero false
mithril_chain_of_heroism false
natashas_choker false
necklace_of_trophies false
pendant_of_the_perilous false
saberclaw_talisman false
stormrages_talisman_of_seething false
telonicuss_pendant_of_mayhem false
the_savages_choker false
traitors_noose false
veterans_pendant_of_triumph false
worgen_claw_necklace false
bladed_shoulderpads_of_the_merciless false
conquerors_spaulders false
destroyer_shoulderblades false
doomplate_shoulderguards false
expedition_scouts_epaulets false
gladiators_plate_shoulders false
high_warlord_plate_shoulders false
mantle_of_perenolde false
merciless_gladiators_plate_shoulders false
pauldrons_of_the_wardancer false
ragesteel_shoulders false
ripfiend_shoulderplates false
shoulderpads_of_assassination false
shoulderpads_of_the_stranger false
spaulders_of_slaughter false
talbuk_hide_shoulders false
warbringer_shoulderplates false
wastewalker_shoulderpads false
black_iron_battlecloak false
blood_knight_war_cloak false
capacitus_cloak_of_calibration false
cloak_of_darkness false
cloak_of_impulsiveness false
cloak_of_malice false
cloak_of_the_craft false
cloak_of_the_fallen_god false
cloak_of_the_inciter false
cloak_of_the_pit_stalker false
consortium_cloak_of_the_quick false
dawnstrikes_cloak false
delicate_green_poncho false
drape_of_the_dark_reavers false
farstrider_wildercloak false
netherfury_cape false
nomads_woven_cloak false
razor_scale_battlecloak false
royal_cloak_of_arathi_kings false
sergeants_heavy_cloak false
shroud_of_dominion false
shroud_of_frenzy false
thalassian_wildercloak false
vengeance_wrap false
blackened_chestplate false
bloodsea_brigand_s_vest false
breastplate_of_kings false
bulwark_of_ancient_kings false
bulwark_of_ancient_kings_no_cd false
bulwark_of_kings false
bulwark_of_kings_no_cd false
chestguard_of_exile false
chestguard_of_no_remorse false
chestguard_of_the_conniver false
chestguard_of_the_dark_stalker false
chestplate_of_adal false
crimsonforge_breastplate false
destroyer_breasplate false
doomplate_chestguard false
durotans_battle_harness false
ebon_netherscale_breastplate false
ghoul_skin_tunic false
gladiators_plate_chestpiece false
high_warlords_plate_chestpiece false
krakken_heart_breastplate false
maghari_scouts_tunic false
merciless_gladiators_plate_chestpiece false
nether_chain_shirt false
plated_abomination_ribcage false
primalstrike_vest false
ragesteel_breastplate false
ranger_generals_chestguard false
terrorweave_tunic false
the_exarchs_protector false
tunic_of_assassination false
twisting_nether_chain_shirt false
vest_of_vengeance false
warbringer_breastplate false
wastewalker_tunic false
aged_leather_bindings false
amber_bands_of_the_aggressor false
armwraps_of_disdain false
bands_of_syth false
bands_of_the_celestial_archer false
black_felsteel_bracers false
bladespire_warbands false
bracers_of_eradication false
bracers_of_maliciousness false
demolishers_bracers false
ebon_netherscale_bracers false
felstalker_bracers false
hive_defiler_wristguards false
marshals_leather_bracers false
marshals_linked_bracers false
marshals_plate_bracers false
marshals_scaled_bracers false
nightfall_wristguards false
nightstalkers_wristguards false
primalstrike_bracers false
shard_bound_bracers false
spymistress_wristguards false
stalkers_war_bands false
true_aim_stalker_bands false
vambraces_of_ending false
veterans_plate_bracers false
wristguards_of_vengeance false
cobrascale_gloves false
deft_handguards false
destroyer_gauntlets false
doomplate_gauntlets false
edgemasters_handguards false
fel_leather_gloves false
felfury_gauntlets false
fists_of_the_unrelenting false
flesh_handlers_gauntlets false
gauntlets_of_annihilation false
gauntlets_of_cruel_intention false
gauntlets_of_martial_perfection false
gauntlets_of_the_dragonslayer false
gauntlets_of_the_skullsplitter false
gauntlets_of_the_vanquisher false
gladiators_plate_gauntlets false
gloves_of_dexterous_manipulation false
gloves_of_enforcement false
gloves_of_quickening false
gloves_of_the_searing_grip false
gloves_of_the_unbound false
grips_of_deftness false
handgrips_of_assassination false
high_warlords_plate_gauntlets false
ironblade_gauntlets false
liars_tongue_gloves false
merciless_gladiators_plate_gauntlets false
ogre_defilers_handguards false
predatory_gloves false
ragesteel_gloves false
warbringer_gauntlets false
wastewalker_gloves false
windstrike_gloves false
belt_of_deep_shadow false
belt_of_never_ending_agony false
belt_of_one_hundred_deaths false
belt_of_the_black_eagle false
belt_of_the_raven_lord false
deathforge_girdle false
dunewind_sash false
ebon_netherscale_belt false
evas_strap false
felstalker_belt false
girdle_of_ferocity false
girdle_of_gallantry false
girdle_of_siege false
girdle_of_the_deathdealer false
girdle_of_the_endless_pit false
girdle_of_the_mentor false
girdle_of_the_prowler false
girdle_of_the_tidal_call false
girdle_of_treachery false
gronn_stitched_girdle false
liars_cord false
marshals_linked_girdle false
marshals_plate_belt false
marshals_scaled_belt false
muscle_toning_belt false
onslaught_girdle false
primalstrike_belt false
red_belt_of_battle false
rubium_war_girdle false
rune_engraded_belt false
shattraths_champion_belt false
socrethars_girdle false
terror_pit_girdle false
veterans_plate_belt false
bloodlord_legplates false
clefthoof_hide_leggings false
destroyer_greaves false
doomplate_legguards false
elekk_hide_leggings false
fel_leather_leggings false
forestwalker_kilt false
gladiators_plate_legguards false
greaves_of_the_bloodwarder false
greaves_of_the_iron_guardian false
high_warlords_plate_legguards false
inklings_leggings false
leggings_of_apocalypse false
leggings_of_assassination false
leggings_of_murderous_intent false
legguards_of_the_shattered_hand false
legplates_of_carnage false
maghari_huntsmans_leggings false
maghari_warlords_legplates false
mennus_scaled_leggings false
merciless_gladiators_plate_legguards false
midnight_legguards false
midrealm_leggings false
oilcloth_breeches false
retainers_leggings false
rip_flayer_leggings false
scaled_greaves_of_the_marksman false
shattrath_leggings false
skulkers_greaves false
titanic_leggings false
vanquishers_legplates false
void_reaver_greaves false
warbringer_greaves false
wastewalker_leggings false
wyrmscale_greaves false
boots_of_the_shadow_flame false
boots_of_the_shifting_sands false
boots_of_the_unjust false
boots_of_utter_darkness false
chromatic_boots false
clocktocks_jumpers false
cobra_lash_boots false
eaglecrest_warboots false
edgewalker_longboots false
farahlite_studded_boots false
fel_leather_boots false
felboar_hide_shoes false
feroucious_swift_kickers false
fiend_slayer_boots false
generals_plate_greaves false
generals_scaled_greaves false
ironstriders_of_urgency false
obsidian_clodstompers false
rapscallion_boots false
shatari_wrought_greaves false
star_strider_boots false
the_masters_treads false
veterans_plate_greaves false
vortex_walking_boots false
warboots_of_obliteration false
zierhuts_lost_treads false
acrobats_mark_of_the_shatar false
adals_command false
aggressors_mark_of_the_shatar false
ancestral_ring_of_conquest false
band_of_anguish false
band_of_reanimation false
band_of_the_exorcist false
band_of_the_ranger_general false
band_of_unnatural_forces false
band_of_ursol false
garonas_signet_ring false
kaylaans_signet false
master_dragonslayers_ring false
mithril_band_of_the_unscarred false
overseers_signet false
protectorate_assassins_ring false
quick_strike_ring false
ravenclaw_band false
reaverss_ring false
ring_of_a_thousand_marks false
ring_of_arathi_warlords false
ring_of_lethality false
ring_of_reciprocity false
ring_of_the_recalcitrant false
ring_of_the_shadow_deeps false
ring_of_umbral_doom false
shaffars_band_of_brutality false
shapeshifters_signet false
slayers_mark_of_the_redemption false
violet_signet_of_the_master_assassin false
weathered_band_of_the_swamplord false
abacus_of_violent_odds false
ancient_draenei_war_talisman false
badge_of_the_swarmguard false
bladefists_breadth false
bloodlust_brooch false
core_of_arkelos false
dragonspine_trophy false
drake_fang_talisman false
fetish_of_the_fallen false
figurine_felsteel_boar false
figurine_nightseye_panther false
hourglass_of_the_unraveller false
icon_of_unyielding_courage false
kiss_of_the_spider false
mark_of_the_champion false
ogre_maulers_badge false
romulos_poison_vial false
slayers_crest false
solarians_sapphire false
terokkar_tablet_of_precision false
tsunami_talisman false
arcanite_steam_pistol false
barrel_blade_longrifle false
emberhawk_crossbow false
felsteel_whisper_knives false
gladiators_war_edge false
hemets_elekk_gun false
larvae_of_the_great_worm false
mamas_insurance false
marksmans_bow false
merciless_gladiators_war_edge false
nerubian_slavemaker false
sepentshrine_shuriken false
serpent_spine_longbow false
steelhawk_crossbow false
sunfury_bow_of_the_phoenix false
telescropic_sharprifle false
wolfslayer_sniper_rifle false
wrathfire_hand_cannon false
wrathtide_longbow false
xavian_stiletto false
none false
blazeguard false
blazefury false
blinkstrike false
edge_of_the_cosmos false
felsteel_longblade false
gladiators_quickblade false
gladiators_slicer false
gressil_dawn_of_ruin false
high_warlords_quickblade false
high_warlords_slicer false
hope_ender false
kings_defender false
latros_shifting_sword false
merciless_gladiators_quickblade false
merciless_gladiators_slicer false
phosphorescent_blade false
spiteblade false
talon_of_azshara false
the_hungering_cold false
the_sun_eater false
vindicators_brand false
none false
black_planar_edge false
bogreaver false
fel_edged_battleaxe false
firebrand_battleaxe false
gladiators_cleaver false
gladiators_hacker false
high_warlords_cleaver false
high_warlords_hacker false
merciless_gladiators_cleaver false
netherbane false
the_decapitator false
the_harvester_of_souls false
the_planar_edge false
warbringer false
wicked_edge_of_the_planes false
none false
feltooth_eviscerator false
guile_of_khoraazi false
malchazeen false
retainers_blade false
the_night_blade false
none false
blackout_truncheon false
bloodskull_destroyer false
dragonmaw false
dragonstrike false
drakefist_hammer false
fools_bane false
rod_of_the_sun_king false
runic_hammer false
terokks_nightmace false
none false
big_bad_wolfs_paw false
claw_of_the_phoenix false
claw_of_the_watcher false
demonblood_eviscerator false
reflex_blades false
talon_of_the_phoenix false
the_bladefist false
none false
bonereavers_edge false
despair false
endbringer false
gladiators_greatsword false
illidari-bane_claymore false
illidari-bane_claymore_demons false
khorium_champion false
lionheart_blade false
lionheart_champion false
lionheart_executioner false
merciless_gladiators_greatsword false
quantum_blade false
twinblade_of_the_phoenix false
none false
apexis_cleaver false
axe_of_the_gronn_lords false
blackened_spear false
bloodmoon false
crow_wing_reaper false
crystalforged_war_axe false
ethereum_nexus_reaver false
felsteel_reaper false
gladiators_decapitator false
glaive_of_the_pit false
gorehowl false
hellscreams_will false
legacy false
lunar_crescent false
merciless_gladiators_decapitator false
mooncleaver false
reaver_of_the_infinites false
severance false
singing_crystal_axe false
sonic_spear false
terokks_quill false
trident_of_the_outcast_tribe false
none false
deep_thunder false
might_of_menethil false
stormherald false
thunder false
world_breaker false
helmet_ench_dd ferocity
shoulder_ench_dd naxxramas
back_ench_dd +12 agility
chest_ench_dd +6 stats
wrist_ench_dd +12 strength
hands_ench_dd +15 strength
legs_ench_dd nethercobra
boots_ench_dd cats_swiftness
main_hand_ench_dd mongoose
off_hand_ench_dd mongoose
ring_1_ench_dd ring_1
ring_2_ench_dd ring_2
helmet_gem1_dd +8 crit
helmet_gem2_dd agi critDmg
helmet_gem3_dd helmet_gem3_dd
neck_gem1_dd neck_gem1_dd
neck_gem2_dd neck_gem2_dd
neck_gem3_dd neck_gem3_dd
shoulder_gem1_dd +8 crit
shoulder_gem2_dd +4 crit
shoulder_gem3_dd shoulder_gem3_dd
back_gem1_dd +4 crit_+4_str
back_gem2_dd back_gem2_dd
back_gem3_dd back_gem3_dd
chest_gem1_dd +8 crit
chest_gem2_dd +8 crit
chest_gem3_dd +8 crit
legs_gem1_dd +8 crit
legs_gem2_dd +8 crit
legs_gem3_dd +4 crit
wrists_gem1_dd +4 crit
wrists_gem2_dd +4 crit_+4_str
wrists_gem3_dd wrists_gem3_dd
belt_gem1_dd +4 crit_+4_str
belt_gem2_dd +4 crit
belt_gem3_dd belt_gem3_dd
hands_gem1_dd +8 crit
hands_gem2_dd +4 crit_+4_str
hands_gem3_dd hands_gem3_dd
boots_gem1_dd +8 crit
boots_gem2_dd +4 crit_+4_str
boots_gem3_dd boots_gem3_dd
main_hand_gem1_dd main_hand_gem1_dd
main_hand_gem2_dd main_hand_gem2_dd
main_hand_gem3_dd main_hand_gem3_dd
off_hand_gem1_dd off_hand_gem1_dd
off_hand_gem2_dd off_hand_gem2_dd
off_hand_gem3_dd off_hand_gem3_dd
ranged_gem1_dd ranged_gem1_dd
ranged_gem2_dd ranged_gem2_dd
ranged_gem3_dd ranged_gem3_dd
battle_shout battle_shout
blessing_of_kings blessing_of_kings
blessing_of_might blessing_of_might
gift_of_the_wild gift_of_the_wild
leader_of_the_pack 
trueshot_aura trueshot_aura
windfury_totem windfury_totem
strength_of_earth_totem 
grace_of_air_totem 
improved_seal_of_the_crusader 
blood_frenzy blood_frenzy
improved_sanctity_aura 
heroic_presence 
braided_eternium_chain 
improved_faerie_fire 
trueshot_aura trueshot_aura
elixir_mongoose elixir_mongoose
blessed_sunfruit 
roasted_clefthoof roasted_clefthoof
juju_power 
elixir_of_giants 
winterfall_firewater 
juju_might 
roids 
dense_stone_main_hand 
elemental_stone_main_hand 
dense_stone_off_hand 
elemental_stone_off_hand 
consecrated_sharpening_stone_main_hand 
consecrated_sharpening_stone_off_hand 
adamantite_stone_main_hand 
adamantite_stone_off_hand adamantite_stone_off_hand
improved_weapon_totems 
enhancing_totems 
elixir_of_major_agility 
elixir_of_mastery_bloodberry_elixir 
blessed_sunfruit 
spicy_hot_talbuk 
grilled_mudfish 
ravager_dog 
charred_bear_kabobs 
elixir_of_major_strength 
elixir_of_brute_force 
fel_strength_elixir 
onslaught_elixir 
elixir_of_demonslaying 
flask_of_relentless_assault 
unstable_flask_of_the_bandit 
unstable_flask_of_the_beast 
unstable_flask_of_the_soldier 
scroll_of_strength_v 
scroll_of_agility_v 
n_simulations_dd 50000
n_simulations_stat_dd 20000
n_simulations_talent_dd 5000
opponent_level_dd 73
boss_armor_dd 7700
fight_time_dd 60
sunder_armor_dd 5
heroic_strike_rage_thresh_dd 70
hs_rage_thresh_exec_phase_dd 0
cleave_rage_thresh_dd 50
whirlwind_rage_thresh_dd 0
bt_whirlwind_cooldown_thresh_dd 0
whirlwind_bt_cooldown_thresh_dd 0
overpower_rage_thresh_dd 50
overpower_bt_cooldown_thresh_dd 3
overpower_ww_cooldown_thresh_dd 3
hamstring_cd_thresh_dd 2
initial_rage_dd 0
hamstring_rage_thresh_dd 70
max_optimize_time_dd 90
number_of_extra_targets_dd 2
extra_target_armor_dd 7000
extra_target_level_dd 70
periodic_damage_interval_dd 2
periodic_damage_amount_dd 300
execute_phase_percentage_dd 15
re_queue_abilities_dd 70
slam_spam_max_time_dd 1.5
slam_latency_dd 0
slam_spam_rage_dd 100
slam_rage_thresh_dd 0
berserking_haste_dd 10
full_polarity_dd 190
extra_target_percentage_dd 100
battle_squawk_dd 5
rampage_use_thresh_dd 5
ferocious_inspiration_dd 3
unleashed_rage_dd 5
improved_heroic_strike_talent 3
deflection_talent 2
improved_rend_talent 0
improved_charge_talent 0
iron_will_talent 3
improved_thunder_clap_talent 3
improved_overpower_talent 0
anger_management_talent 1
deep_wounds_talent 3
two_handed_weapon_specialization_talent 0
impale_talent 2
poleaxe_specialization_talent 0
death_wish_talent 0
mace_specialization_talent 0
sword_specialization_talent 0
improved_intercept_talent 0
improved_hamstring_talent 0
improved_disciplines_talent 0
blood_frenzy_talent 0
mortal_strike_talent 0
second_wind_talent 0
improved_mortal_strike_talent 0
endless_rage_talent 0
booming_voice_talent 0
cruelty_talent 5
improved_demoralizing_shout_talent 0
unbridled_wrath_talent 5
improved_cleave_talent 0
peircing_howl_talent 0
blood_craze_talent 0
commanding_presence_talent 5
dual_wield_specialization_talent 5
improved_execute_talent 0
enrage_talent 5
improved_slam_talent 0
sweeping_strikes_talent 1
weapon_mastery_talent 2
improved_berserker_rage_talent 0
flurry_talent 5
precision_talent 3
bloodthirst_talent 1
improved_whirlwind_talent 1
improved_berserker_stance_talent 5
rampage_talent 1
improved_bloodrage_talent 0
tactical_mastery_talent 0
anticipation_talent 0
shield_specialization_talent 0
toughness_talent 0
last_stand_talent 0
improved_shield_block_talent 0
improved_revenge_talent 0
defiance_talent 0
improved_sunder_armor_talent 0
improved_disarm_talent 0
improved_taunt_talent 0
improved_shield_wall_talent 0
concussion_blow_talent 0
improved_shield_bash_talent 0
shield_mastery_talent 0
one_handed_weapon_specialization_talent 0
improved_defensive_stance_talent 0
shield_slam_talent 0
focused_rage_talent 0
vitality_talent 0
devastate_talent 0
faerie_fire faerie_fire
curse_of_recklessness curse_of_recklessness
death_wish death_wish
use_rampage use_rampage
use_bloodthirst use_bloodthirst
use_whirlwind use_whirlwind
use_heroic_strike use_heroic_strike
deep_wounds deep_wounds
sunder_armor_globals sunder_armor_globals
use_mortal_strike use_mortal_strike
use_sweeping_strikes use_sweeping_strikes
race_dd human
